Add Security section (#4633)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/vcs/vcs-workflow.md

Clear and concise comments make it easier to get an fast overview of the changes that were made in each versions.
This ensures that it is easy to find what you are looking for when you need to go back to a past version.
Your collaborators will thank you, but so will future versions of yourself.

> ## Signing commits and tags

Reviewer: This feels out of place here.

In bigger development teams, signing commits helps ensure the integrity of the 
contributions---by verifying the identities behind commits. In `git`,

> one can use GPG to verify that commits and tags come from a trusted source. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
one can use "GNU privacy guard" (GPG) to verify that commits and tags come from a trusted source. 
```

> In bigger development teams, signing commits helps ensure the integrity of the 
> contributions---by verifying the identities behind commits. In `git`,
> one can use "GNU privacy guard" (GPG) to verify that commits and tags come from a trusted source. 
> 
> #### Further reading
> 
> - Read more about GPG here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Privacy_Guard.
> - Read more about signing commits in the git documentation: https://git-scm.com/book/ms/v2/Git-Tools-Signing-Your-Work
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signing commits helps ensure the integrity of contributions.
By verifying signatures we can validate who has created a commit.
In `git`, GNU privacy guard (GPG) [can be used to sign commits and validate signatures. 
```
